Windborne Outlander, as you set off on your journey once again, you must remember that the journey itself has meaning.
Defeating that monster might remove the strange wind current seal thingy around The Statue of the Seven.
Venti? The bard that sits around doing nothing all day?
He was once such a gentle child... Now so full of rage and suffering...
I will not stand for such impertinence!
To ashes!
I, Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung.
Eat this!
Let's dance!
If I tell you the story with a performance, will you believe me?
Time for takeoff!
Sacred name: Fortune Preserver
...One step closer. Maybe soon I shall finally uncover the truth of this world?
I swear by my sword!
With sword comes shadow
Blazing Delight!
Your verdict is...